hey becomes a slightly - episode today's
topic is highly Arvind highly cabined
holy evening is what we call the 24th of
December even though we do call the 25th
and 26th the first and second day of
Christmas the 24th is the one that is
more important to most Germans because
unlike an english-speaking countries we
get to open her presents on the evening
of the 24th isn't that awesome
I used to really feel sorry for my best
friend you couldn't open her presents
until the morning of the 25th because
her mom's American but then again I
guess that's okay because she probably
pitied me for having to go to bed so
soon after getting new toys anyway even
though the 24th is such an important
date here it is not an official holiday
so if you had called him to work that
night tough luck
now the way height abnormally works in
Germany and other german-speaking
countries is if they live close enough
and you get along relatives come over in
the afternoon then these three things
happen in whichever order you prefer
Church unwrapping presents and dinner
Christmas services in the afternoon
normally lasts around an hour lots of
singing watching kids play out the vine
ask Ishita and a lot of well-wishing
most Germans actually physically
services regardless of whether or not
they normally go to church and even
regardless of whether or not they're
religious for many of them there are two
services that we can go to on Christmas
one in the afternoon that includes a cup
of beer which is the aforementioned
staging of the story of Christmas and
one late at night which is called the
custom eater most people normally only
visit one but of course you can go to
both if you wish to just to clear up the
terms a kippa is a cradle and a speed it
can be both a game and a play in this
case of course it's a play just of
course means Christ and Metta is derived
from Meza which means math after or
before church everyone gets together to
have a meal I will get into details on
that in this week's last Christmas
episode and then it's time for the
Shalom that's what we call opening
presents everyone gathers
- bomb and gets their presence
traditionally the order would be that
you open your presents before you eat
but nowadays people probably just go by
how hungry they are that's it for today
what are your country's Christmas
traditions when and how do you celebrate
and open presents try to tell me and
everyone in German if you'd like I would
love to hear about it miss Martin